hello and welcome to this new veneers
giveaway well I am gonna be giving away
the sidewinder x4 Microsoft gaming
keyboard this is a really good keyboard
it's got anti-ghosting backlighting
macro key abilities and it's also got a
removable num pad that you can take off
if you're never going to use it or just
sad on either side of the keyboard it
touches with magnets which is a pretty
damn cool feature it's a really good
keyboard really nice actuation force
it's not very not very much force you
have to push down to get the buttons to
do what they do you know type and also
it's quite quiet keyboard as well so
that's good so when you play it at night
it's all backlit but still quite quiet
so you don't wake anyone else which is
always good for a keyboard and yes so
this keyboard is courtesy of
overclockers UK they are a really good
parts and accessories retailer for
computer bits they're really good and
they've got really good prices and
shipping is really fast but also quite
cheap from them that just the only place
I'd ever consider getting my parts and
accessories from really for my computer
so to enter this giveaway this is the
party room waiting for to enter all you
need to do is just click the little
annotation your button thing over there
and that will then take you to the
subscribe page for my new channel NIV
craft and just go ahead and subscribe
and then the winner of the giveaway will
be chosen from my list of subscribers
that really is how it is how easy it is
to to enter into this giveaway and
pretend to win that's what you need to
do but it would be nice if you could
like the video and share the video and
whatnot so that more people are aware of
the giveaway because obviously the more
people that participate the better the
prizes will be in the future so yeah go
ahead click that subscribe enter the
giveaway and you never know it could be
you that wins the sidewinder x4 gaming
keyboard courtesy
overclockers UK so that's just about it
for this video guys remember to Like
favorite comment and subscribe and until
next time bye-bye